okay I just want to thank Richard Kyle
he's an old friend of mine I was a
roommate of his none to graduate years
and he challenged me to this ice bucket
challenge that's why I moved from school
and I don't want to see ice again but we
agreed to the carrier coup challenge
Kerry coos about 12 miles offshore we're
going to try and throw me that far I
just want to say a big big thank you sis
in George's University students with all
the donations we've had for this I think
we have nearly six and a half thousand
dollars over six and a half thousand
dollars a big thank you to all the
students special thanks to rob cooler
he's been pretty instrumental and run
around classes making sure we raise
money and Mohammad Amar's run Grenada
project has also donate them to the
cause all proceeds are going to go to
the Queen Elizabeth home which is a
whole my local home here in Grenada for
orphans and so I'm just very thankful we
can support them by giving them less
money just by dropping in the ocean
until thanks again the students isn't
George wonderful place to work and I
look forward to my debt so we're to go
into your arm okay
how you doing you where you hook it up
good ready okay Tommy you're bigger than
I am Gilligan oh right how was it oh
thanks very much guys think thanks to
sin George university students wonderful
wonderful in the shop good job guys
thank you everyone